Once you enter the information,
the system will generate a transaction number.
The transaction will contain the station number,
fiscal year, fiscal quarter, control point number,
and the sequence number for that order.
The form type is to be entered next.
Enter double question marks to see all options.
For this example, we are using option four,
repetitive and non-rep order.
The classification of request is a description
of what the order will be.
The sort group can be left blank.
Press enter.
The date of request should be
the date you are entering the 2237.
If you enter T, it will populate today's date.
The date required should be provided to you
by the person who initiates the request.
The priority of request defaults
to standard and most often will not be changed.
The special remarks is an open text field
for any special instructions regarding the order.